Migrate Assetstore integration tests to Rafter (#6569)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/rafter/README.md

# Rafter Integration Tests

## Overview

The project is a test scenario for all Rafter subcomponents, such as controllers and the Asset Upload Service.

## Prerequisites

Use the following tools to set up the project:

- [Go](https://golang.org)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Usage

### Run a local version

> 

Reviewer: Could you add some more context to this part? I'm not sure if it is all clear what should be done, what do you think?

Author: Done!

| **APP_TEST_NAMESPACE**                | No       | `rafter-test`              | The name of the Namespace created and deleted during integration tests                          |
| **APP_TEST_CLUSTER_BUCKET_NAME**      | No       | `test-cluster-bucket`      | The ClusterBucket resource name                                                                 |
| **APP_TEST_BUCKET_NAME**              | No       | `test-bucket`              | The Bucket resource name                                                                        |
| **APP_TEST_ASSET_GROUP_NAME**         | No       | `test-asset-group`         | The AssetGroup resource name                                                                    |
| **APP_TEST_CLUSTER_ASSET_GROUP_NAME** | No       | `test-cluster-asset-group` | The ClusterAssetGroup resource name                                                             |
| **APP_TEST_COMMON_ASSET_PREFIX**      | No       | `test`                     | The name of the prefix for the Asset and ClusterAsset resources                                 |

> | **APP_TEST_MOCKICE_NAME**             | No       | `rafter-test-svc`          | The name of the pod, service and configmap used by test service                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_MOCKICE_NAME**             | No       | `rafter-test-svc`          | The name of the pod, service, and configmap used by the test service                                 |
```

## Development

### Install dependencies

> This project uses `dep` as a dependency manager. To install all required dependencies, use the following command:

Reviewer 2: Maybe modules? :) But you can do it in follow PR after integration.

# Rafter Integration Tests

## Overview

The project is a test scenario for all Rafter subcomponents, such as controllers and the Upload Service.

## Prerequisites

Use the following tools to set up the project:

- [Go](https://golang.org)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Kyma CLI](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli)

## Usage

### Run a local version

> To run integration tests, follow those instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run integration tests, follow these instructions:
```

> 1. [Install](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally) Kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally) Kyma.
```

> 2. Build test image directly on the Docker engine of the Minikube node without pushing it to a registry. To build the image on Minikube:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the test image directly on the Docker engine of the Minikube node without pushing it to a registry. Run:
```

   ```bash
   eval $(minikube docker-env)
   make build-image
   ```

>    Alternatively, build the image and push it to some registry, for example Docker Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, build the image and push it to a registry, such as Docker Hub.
```

> 3. Edit TestDefinition CR and update its `.spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field to `rafter-test:latest` using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit the TestDefinition CR and update its `.spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field to `rafter-test:latest` using this command:
```

   ```bash
   k edit testdefinitions.testing.kyma-project.io -n kyma-system rafter
   ```

> 4. Run intergration test using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the integration test. The command creates a test suite with a name in a form of `test-{ID}`. Run:
```

   ```bash
   kyma test run rafter
   ```

>    This creates test suite with name in a form of `test-{ID}`.

Reviewer: Remove
